Okay.
So in this lesson, it will create a basic accordion component and then render it within our job filters
sidebar component.
So here in my file Explorer, I'm going to go into my source directory then components.
And I think a good place to put this is actually going to be within our shared folder because I can
see us having to use a shared accordion component in several places throughout the app.
We're going to try to build it in such a way that we extract the reusable elements of it the collapse
ability and the expandability, while allowing components to customize what goes inside it.
We're going to talk a lot more about that later on, but that is our intent here.
So in the shared directory, I'm going to create a new accordion dot view view component.
All right.
Now let's go ahead and wire up the basics of this component.
So I'm going to create a template tag right here and in here.
I'm just going to put a basic div for now with the text of my accordion just to make sure we have something
rendered on the screen when we render this.
And then as always, we will define a script section where we will export default a JavaScript object.
For now, I'm just going to give it a simple name, a property with the name of the component.
And that of course is going to be accordion, and that is it, as simple as we can make it.
All right.
Now, I want to render this accordion component, so I'm going to open up my job filter's sidebar component.
We were just working on this a lesson or two ago, and right here I'm going to import my newly created
component.
So import accordion and that is going to come from the source directory components, also the shared
directory and finally accordion and we're going to register it with our components object right here.
So accordion and for now, let's, let's just go ahead and render it within our section right here.
And I'm just going to render it with a self-closing tag accordion like.
So save that and let's head back to our browser and see what we have.
All right, there we go.
We have our accordion component being rendered right here.
Pretty simple, basic div.
But we have confirmed that everything is set up correctly.
We have a new view component, we are rendering it and the very next lesson, we can start to style
the accordion component.